Media and advocacy also play
an important role in
the Blockchain ecosystem,
through the development and
the dissemination of information.
As the Blockchain
ecosystem has grown and
it's infiltration into various
industries has developed,
the media has played
an increasing role in
the discussion in
the mainstream about
Blockchain technology.
In addition, there are
media companies and
information companies that host
large conferences related to
Blockchain technology
or Cryptocurrency.
Finally, there are advocacy and
lobbying organizations
in Washington DC,
state and local governments,
and internationally,
that are actively working to
promote or amend rules and
regulations that
positively enhance
the development of
Blockchain technology.